Cloud computing is the future of cloud computing and this is not an exaggeration.
 Everything is moving to the cloud, applications are being designed to run in the cloud 
 in a distributed manner. Developers need to embrace cloud computing not only because it 
 is the new in-thing but because it offers massive opportunities for developing intelligent,
  distributed and scalable applications in the shortest time possible.

As someone interested in web application development, learning about cloud computing is a must.
 Google Cloud Platform is one of the biggest and top cloud providers. I am aiming to be a Certified
  Google Cloud Engineer and the courses in the Architecting with Google Cloud will help me do just that. 
  I will aim to do all the courses in the specialization as preparation for the exam to which I aim to proceed
   to the Data Engineering in GCP course specialization and the to Machine Learning on GCP. I believe this first
    certification will lay all the groundwork necessary for me to pass the Certification exams and be a qualified
     Google cloud expert. This course also gives me the necessary knowledge to build my applications on GCP.


I live in Nairobi Kenya. I am a recent graduate of Telecommunication and Information Engineering.
 I have not yet gotten a full-time paying job. I am currently working as a research scholar at @iLabAfrica, 
 Strathmore University. As a research scholar, I am not entitled to a salary. I only get a monthly stipend of
  about $100. From this amount, I have to pay for my rent, pay for my upkeep and transport to the university. 
  The amount is always not enough to make it to the end of the month. 

I thus have to do some online freelancing jobs to supplement this allowance. It is the only way I can make it
 to the end of the month. I would like to learn about GCP but I cannot afford the $39 the course requires. 
 This would actually be about 40% of what I earn per month. It would thus be impossible to pay this amount
  at the moment thus my reason for asking for financial aid assistance.  

Financial Aid for the course enables me to get a verifiable certificate that I can use to apply for jobs-which
 in all likelihood will be in a different tech field from that which I work now. From then on, I believe I would
  be happy to pay for the courses.

The Financial Aid thus would be invaluable for my professional career at the moment and since I 
cannot afford the course right now, I request to be offered the aid. 

I would not be able to afford the loan.